Resend Error 400: Invalid "from" Field - Solution Guide
The error you're encountering is a 400 Bad Request error specifically related to the from field in your Resend email configuration. This error occurs when the email address in the from field doesn't meet Resend's validation requirements.

[image:1]

Understanding the Error
The error message "Invalid 'from' field. The email address needs to follow the email@example.com or Name <email@example.com> format" indicates that Resend cannot process your email request because the sender address doesn't comply with their formatting requirements.

Common Causes
Domain Verification Issues

The most common cause is attempting to send emails from a domain that hasn't been verified in your Resend account. By default, Resend only allows you to send emails to your own email address when using unverified domains. To send emails to other recipients, you must add and verify a custom domain.

Incorrect Email Format

The from field must follow specific formatting rules:

Simple format: email@example.com

Format with display name: Name <email@example.com>

Invalid Characters or Syntax

The email address may contain invalid characters or have syntax errors that prevent proper validation.

Solutions
1. Verify Your Domain
To resolve this issue, you need to add and verify a custom domain in your Resend account:

Add Domain to Resend: Log into your Resend dashboard and navigate to the Domains section

Configure DNS Records: Add the required MX, SPF, and DKIM records provided by Resend to your DNS provider

Wait for Verification: Domain verification typically completes within 15 minutes of adding the DNS records

The required DNS records include:

MX Record: For receiving bounce and complaint feedback

SPF Record: Lists IP addresses authorized to send email on your behalf

DKIM Records: Digital signatures for email authentication

2. Use Correct Email Format
Ensure your from field uses the proper format:

javascript
// Simple format
from: 'sender@yourdomain.com'

// Format with display name
from: 'Your Name <sender@yourdomain.com>'
3. Check for Common Formatting Issues
Remove any extra spaces or special characters

Ensure the email address is properly encoded

Verify there are no typos in the domain name

Make sure you're using a domain you own, not public domains like Gmail or Yahoo

4. Use Resend's Test Environment
For testing purposes, you can use Resend's designated test addresses:

delivered@resend.dev - Simulates successful delivery

bounced@resend.dev - Simulates email bouncing

Domain Verification Process
When adding a domain to Resend, you'll receive specific DNS records that must be added to your DNS provider. For example, if using Cloudflare:

MX Record:

Type: MX

Name: send

Value: feedback-smtp.us-east-1.amazonses.com

Priority: 10

SPF Record:

Type: TXT

Name: send

Value: "v=spf1 include:amazonses.com ~all"

Best Practices
Use subdomains (e.g., mail.yourdomain.com) instead of root domains for better reputation management

Ensure all DNS records are properly configured before attempting to send emails

Wait for full domain verification before switching from test addresses to your custom domain

Monitor your domain's verification status in the Resend dashboard

Troubleshooting Tips
If your domain isn't verifying:

Double-check that DNS records match exactly what Resend provided

Use DNS lookup tools like dns.email to verify records are publicly visible

Some DNS providers automatically append domain names to record values - add a trailing period if needed

Allow up to 48 hours for DNS propagation in some cases

By following these steps and ensuring your domain is properly verified, you should be able to resolve the 400 error and successfully send emails through Resend.